Trend micro dda bug (#24131)
demisto/content: Packs/TrendMicroDDA/ReleaseNotes/1_0_12.md

#### Integrations
##### Trend Micro Deep Discovery Analyzer (Beta)

> - Fixed an issue caused by moving the integration to Python 3.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where the integration failed to run.
```
